ah
baby I think I'm gonna go on a diet
oh you are naughty girl where have you
been all my life Shelly I will teach you
how to french kiss you drive me crazy my
little cabbage
you have a tease Hey get yourself a
slice a little watermelon me uh I'm
gluten-free Oh a gluten is but I don't
mean to pressure you but my viagra he's
wearing off don't want to get the flabby
flabs oh yeah dead stuff dripping down
your chin watermelon meat Bella I love
your pretty lips Oh your kiss is so
sweet they don't go to that your mouth
it's feeding time at the zoo no no my
little biscuit II know what did you go
Oh Nicky July Donna listen for every bag
games please
tell me baby
I said come here baby mmm
don't you want to vitami the dress all
this big chocolate I'm not even dreaming
about me don't you want to taste don't
you my nice big bite I can make your
toes curl baby I really know how to make
a woman feel good you're making go crazy
I have you climbing the walls and you
don't even need to man anymore all you
need is me have you ever had eight
inches before eight bit I want to give
it to you wanna give it to you all night
creaming although your fingertips just
suck it off
really not I make a chocolate cake feel
good eight inches of chocolate cake yeah
baby ah
keep it going oh my goodness Oh see mine
cream all the way over babies Oh God
to get about John I'm just using you
aren't you Oh what it looks like it's
right this means nothing to me I don't
need it
are we done yeah I'll take like that
well I'll do my outro while I do this
yeah do it okay is it on yes I thank you
guys for watching my sketch if you
enjoyed it please subscribe to my
channel and if you're in the LA area or
you want to come to a stand-up show um
take a look at my website and see when
I'm scheduled to perform and come see a
show otherwise subscribe to my channel
type in a video every week or sometimes
every week